---
layout: conf_page
title: "2015 Sustainability: Balancing People, Planet, & Profit"
title_s: 2015 Sustainability
conf: true
year: "2015"
---

  Every year since 1976, UNIS-UN organizes and holds a student-run conference. Over seven hundred high school students, from both international and local schools including the United Nations International School, attend the conference. The structure of the conference is designed to provide students with expert knowledge through the voices of engaging guest speakers. We hope that you are willing to express your ideas in a forthright manner and provide insight in regard to the conference theme.
This year&rsquo;s conference topic is: “Sustainability: Balancing People, Planet and Profit.” The Millennium Development Goals, which target extreme poverty, health, and education in developing countries end in 2015. The newest set of targets, the Sustainable Development Goals, build upon their predecessors and provide the framework for further improvements. As countries gather at the United Nations to reevaluate the MDGs and agree upon the new SDGs, it is the perfect time to explore what a sustainable future looks like and what is currently being done to achieve it. The 2015 UNIS-UN international student conference will examine sustainability in terms of its three interrelated components: the development of our society, the growth of the economies and the impact on the environment. We seek to explore topics such as climate justice, gender equality, and resilient cities, to uncover how they are all key components of fostering sustainable development on all levels. 

  In past years, we were honored with addresses by distinguished individuals such as H.E. Mr. Ban Ki-moon, current Secretary-General of the United Nations; H.E. Mr. Kofi Annan, former Secretary-General of the United Nations; Richard Butler, former Chief Weapons Inspector to the United Nations; Hillary Clinton, former United States Secretary of State; global-warming activist Laurie David; founder of One Laptop per Child, Nicholas Negroponte; and H.E. Ms. Samantha Power, US Ambassador to the United Nations. In addition, many human rights advocates such as Danny Glover, Harry Belafonte, Vanessa Redgrave, and actor-director Morgan Spurlock have spoken at past UNIS-UN conferences. Previous conference topics include: BioEthics: Striking a Balance (2010), The Web: Wiring Our World (2011), Human Exploitation: Exposing the Unseen (2012), Modern Youthquake: A Generation&rsquo;s Impact (2013), and most recently Globalization: A World of Exchange (2014).
